W-17553836-FormatsFunctionsSysProperty-29-dm (#431)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-mule-functions-lookup.adoc

> _This function is *Deprecated*. Use https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-functions[], instead._
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> _This function is *Deprecated*. Use xref:-functions-.adoc[], instead._

Author: ```suggestion
_This function is *Deprecated*. Use https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-functions[DataWeave functions], instead._
```
